Revise home page statement, add links (#261)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/index.md

:::

Ubuntu is the world's most widely deployed Linux operating system.

> It's also a long-standing software project, a community, and a mesh of distributed processes and governance that enable its contributors to deliver the world-class experience we all know and love.

Author: ```suggestion
It's also a long-standing software project, with a mesh of distributed processes and governance that enable our global community of contributors to deliver the distribution we all know and love.
```

Author: Is this any less squeamish or have I gone in the wrong direction :D

Ubuntu has always been an openly governed community.
This open governance means that we have community-organized and run decision-making groups that lead and make decisions about different elements of Ubuntu.

> There are many ways to contribute to Ubuntu -- from packaging of core pieces of the operating system, writing applications for the Desktop, providing translations, working on documentation, designing wallpapers, QA, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways to contribute to Ubuntu -- from packaging core pieces of the operating system, writing applications for the Desktop, providing translations, working on documentation, designing wallpapers, QA, and more.
```

::::{grid} 1 1 2 2

:::{grid-item-card} [How Ubuntu is made](how-ubuntu-is-made/index)

Everything you need to understand what Ubuntu is and how it's made

* {ref}`Project governance <project-governance>`
* {ref}`Code of Conduct <code-of-conduct>`
* {ref}`Our mission <mission>` and {ref}`diversity`
* {ref}`key-concepts`
* {ref}`process-overviews`
:::

:::{grid-item-card} [Contributors](contributors/index)

Guides to help you build and contribute to Ubuntu

* {ref}`fixing-bugs`
* {ref}`patching`
* {ref}`Find a sponsor for your upload <how-to-find-a-sponsor>`

> * {ref}`How to do a merge <merging>`

Reviewer: Putting the 'finding a sponsor' thing last.
```suggestion
* {ref}`fixing-bugs`
* {ref}`patching`
* {ref}`How to do a merge <merging>`
* {ref}`Find a sponsor for your upload <how-to-find-a-sponsor>`
```
